not you're not a villager chap prove it
prove it you look nothing like a
villager ah is he a duck did I hear a
duck around there somewhere I'm smoking
poop can you stop shooting my friend who
said that I don't know okay I'm just a
clam now I'm just a clam trick shot no I
got trickshotted I can't move am I going
to get a girlfriend anytime soon that is
undeniably
[Music]
wrong this video is sponsored by Opa GX
the perfect browser for gamers like you
are you tired of your old ugly slow
internet browser we'll look no further
and start using Opera GX let me start by
showing you some of its best features
like their unique mods where you can
customize your entire browser including
things like background music custom
keyboard
sounds wallpapers and even the themes
and colors of your browser all from the
GX store or you can even create your own
thanks
oppra I chose the Minecraft mod to give
my browser a cozy and relaxing feel I
also really like that it changes the
sound of closing and opening all my tabs
and you can manage all your mods easily
using Opera gx's sidebar I like to use
Opera's AI integration to ask questions
that I need to know the answer
of this is what's going on inside your
PC without GX
control GX control is what separates
Opera GX from every other browser out
there you can set the RAM and CPU usages
to reduce lag in any game you're playing
this feature is really helpful when I'm
trying to check out recipes builds and
enchantment guides while playing
Minecraft at the same exact time also if
you're scared to lose all your
information from a previous browser you
can just import all your saved
information into oper GX with just a
click of a button make sure to install
Opera GX using my link below I guess I
could just explain it right here uh
there's one one one one one Hunter okay
we got one Hunter and three props and
the last prop to get found wins the
round yeah look look so so chap walk out
the building walk out the building Chief
wait wait yeah yeah I can see it's wall
hack yep props you get one invisibility
potion one end pearl one chorus fruit
and three pieces of
bread round one fight je what are you
turn into oh my gosh we have so many
custom mobs to turn into I know like
this duck and is that YouTube check me
out let me see let me
[Music]
see what is that who are oh my God he's
so
cute oh my God the heck wait this is op
I only have one heart though so okay you
got to make sure to blend in too blend
in blend in dude how does this blend in
this doesn't blend in at all just blend
in blend in okay type ready type ready
oh my gosh they're ready let me get a oh
I got an axe nice thank you quack thank
you quack you think you'll notice if I
turned into
this hey stop being so loud guys
literally he won't notice he won't
notice I promise you EST is not the guy
that notice this kind of
thing where Isa where is esta
wait where'd he go where is
he wait is he a
[Music]
duck oh this duck doesn't know what's
about to hit him did I hear a duck
around here somewhere excuse me sir but
I have to be moving on no wa
wait oh my God oh my God spider doing oh
my
god get away I got a crossbow watch out
buddy I got
ow how are you still alive you stop
shooting my friend who said that I don't
know I feel like I heard them talking
around here did I hear any noises here
is anyone around
it what just hit
[Music]
me huh what just hit me there's no way
this guy has what was that the fox hello
there's no way guy is that
stupid I know it's
human how are you always so fast oh my
God that was such a terrible course BR
Run come back come back what did what
just happened what just is he what no
way no
what color bear
f f fck i this guy went
invisible what's what's this the sound I
see something where's
guy this guy this guy he's never going
to suspect
[Music]
this wait that's a really good noise
whoa hey man wait that's good let's see
if you pick it up that it's
is that a
frog would she also care for a piece of
bread what is this
animal oh it is
you
what bro that actually sound like a real
animal
help you're too good at running away I
think I got a crossbow
[Music]
good thing he's got a
crossbow you're real funny man
you're no he died to the F hitting the
ground he couldn't kill anyone we had we
had to kill ourselves dude Esa all three
of us died to Ender Pearls you didn't
kill any of us we all killed ourselves
bro oh my God I thought only two of you
guys died to that [__]
round two Tucker what's up I have a I
have a plan I have a plan watch this
watch okay what's your plan what's your
plan what's your plan watch this this is
my
[Music]
plan what kind of plan is
this dude I don't think he knows his
legs are constantly
[Music]
moving how can they hear
me h
the
heck what the heck was that
thing why is it running in
place is that normal no I heard that
voice from over here I think it was as
that's I am that's
done that's make your noise no I'm not
making any
sound
Ribbit
ribit usually
come here come here no little end guy
little end
guy you can't see
me where you at hey
F trick
shot
[Music]
ribit
Ribbit what the heck
[Music]
what the hell is that who was
talking I see a little of
particles better move buddy you better
move
[Music]
buddy no no no no no no no no no come
here come here no no no no no no no no
no no
[Music]
ah who is this last guy
though it's got to be this there's just
no
[Music]
[Applause]
way oh my God that was I'm just a tree
man dude W I'm not sure I'm not sure
about that plan man if I'm being honest
with
[Music]
you round three uh okay good luck have a
good time you guys don't have a good
time hey actually that's a pretty good
idea how is he going to what are
you I'm a clam guys I have a
plan okay good luck Good Luck Good
Luck they're all
ready my plan to not say anything wait
is that
me wait that's not g pickle
well let me do an alchemist here
actually wait no way he's transforming
in front of
him at least he what the heck is
happening here in front of him hey man I
didn't know you were here I I'm big
brandom who is
this no no I got him be careful when you
walk just be careful when you look
around actually I think yo I can hear
you guys oh no oh Tucker gave away my
position be careful when you walk
around wait a minute this guy is
standing weirdly weirdly uh still oh my
God what the
sussy you come is it one of you is it
one of the these stop spinning stop
spinning stop
spinning stop spinning you
say what
where did he
go what
[Music]
the young jit didn't know what happened
to
[Music]
him
y
yo yes
[Music]
round four can I get a point guys um
have you won one yet no points no you
don't you can't get a point tell me when
ready let me load up my crossbow for
this round here I need to I need to
blend in I need to blend in guys I'm
being stealthy you got to be quiet okay
okay I'm going to be stealthy
[Applause]
tooa that is not stealthy that's the
opposite I'm getting bored I'm getting
bored wait wait esta we we can both be a
big
tree oh yeah wait where oh yes all right
I'm I'm out of here here I not here I'm
coming perfect man we need we need a
line oh my gosh look at us we're like
lined up perfectly we are I swear I just
saw a little fruit guy over here oh I I
got a little trigger happy apparently
sometimes I get trigger
happy oh I
misclicked I hear you I hear these guys
I misclicked my invisibility po
oh which one is he going to shoot I'm
sorry but
I cannot be normal tree bro yo I know
it's you who hit me someone's invisible
hitting me right now yo stop hitting me
what is
that who is that 10 seconds left 10
seconds left I'm my
invisibility yo get away from dude
oh my God that guy's a strong that guy's
strong whoever he is W bear get down
man how much health do you have
man
get what the hell what was that noise
all right you got you better not be this
tree when I turn around the corner oh my
God wait what the hell it's me yo yo
tiny magum get over here yo hey what's
up how how's it how's it going is that
your impression of
me that Su that Su
so all right you know what I'm going to
let you go if you if you take this
crossbow and shoot Chap and you hit it
if you hit the shot on cheap pickle
where is he where is he he's behind you
where is he he's right he's right here
that's not cheap
[Music]
pickle I
actually wait wa the book the book is
showing me all right you you can go hide
again give me your crossbow back yeah
all right go hide again you get one you
chance of course okay let me come
here what oh he can see he can see he
can see he can see me invisible I saw
his
eyes what the hell is that je
what sheep what was that noise oh my
gosh
oh wait what do you mean what is that
your is that your all right is
that chap do you know what the fox
says all right guys make your animal
noises in 3 2 1
go are you actually in this house
chap what's going on you said ribbit
ribbit ribbit what the oh my God guys
what is this come here are you out I see
you wait what the hell what is
this get over here no don't go
invisible dude you guys are so tiny man
trick shot no I got trickshotted okay
chief come here
[Music]
buddy wow nice shot dude I think he was
invisible
too round five brcka you here buddy see
what's a good
[Music]
one I like this
one think right there's good do we need
to okay wait I have a plan what's your
plan what's your plan um guys guys I can
hear your plan right here are hello here
you got me look at me look at me wait
I'm looking oh wait wait hold on I I
think I get your plan sorry I didn't
mean to open the door okay I'm following
you not that I can like I can hear
everything anyway but um
I can't like see it oh do you get that
you you see what's going on here is this
you want to do this well my screen looks
terrible when I yeah I know it looks
terrible cuz you're a fish and I can
still hear you no I'm not esto what are
you talking about here here we're going
to throw them off here uh oh yeah yeah
yeah let's we're not a fish we're not a
fish I'm not a fish anymore I'm going to
throw them
off nice okay oh nice actually I like
that hold on I'll throw them off too
actually yeah hold on hold on hold on
here I'll throw them off even more wait
on I'll throw them off
heavy oh this is a good combo I think to
throw them off yeah this is a good combo
all right let's type ready so he knows
we're ready all right guys I'm coming
out I forgot to get any items from the
chest
Tucker like look do you guys see
yourselves how is this even a good
idea any last words here comes a grenade
[Music]
I I don't have any to be
honest
help okay I'm just a clam now I'm just a
clam I can't move but I'm a clam I see
him I see him I see him oh I was hoping
he would stop moving when I said where'd
he go no no no you little
tiny no yeah out of the way little
villager H where's that little this is
awkward oh god oh I hit you I hit you
where'd he go I found you I found you no
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait I
can't move you're I'm more useful to you
alive than I am dead I'm more useful to
you alive than I am dead all
right Jesus I can't move huh I started
eating a chorus fruit to teleport away
it was pretty
dumb what is this what in the world
Can't See Me Now can
you yeah I I can't see you wait wow nice
wait cheap is so smart do it again see
what happens about
to wait you're the top one wait you're
the top one yeah you are yeah you
are stop stop stop stop wait before you
kill me hey what is that what is this
thing go find
out dude IA blow yourself up that [__]
was so [__] funny
bro round six look at this
dumbass who whoa waa this is a good
Strat you guys hurry up I'm getting
angry dude what wait this is actually
genius out of the what are you doing do
you mean to be out of the water like
that let me push you back in am I out
you're in no you're in now you're good
you're good do a little jump sh you are
what okay yeah I I got something for you
in case things get tough down here Wally
here take this what is that a smoke
[Music]
grenade all right cheap pickle
Adventures activated wait is this good
in here maybe can I fit in here oh
nice this is crazy mushrooms wow who
just spoke esta come on where are you is
this you
yep who the heck isn't oh this is such a
good spot okay who's in the who is this
thing a little is this
[Music]
someone come here will
man I got
W oh no
oh I couldn't
see what
that one more one more one more one more
oh ow look at that that's it no more no
more no more grenades no more grenades
who's doing that show yourself you know
it's you want one more show yourself
right now oh that oh oh who did
that do it again I dare you I'm going to
find you this time yeah you sure you are
buddy that thing in a stupid part looks
so
dumb this has to be
someone oh no what stupid
thing where to go I see
it sniper
come here come here dumb little thingy
no you invisible I think I have sniper
skills oh that was close to
[Music]
him oh my God oh my God oh my God okay
where's the stupid thing that's throwing
the grenades right here I'm right here
wait there's no as much as I talk
there's no way he knowses me are you man
this see him
I'm inside of the donkey you're my
chicken hey wait come here wait how do
you see me how do you see me
how oh no no what what he just hit the
ground too hard oh yeah if I play
correctly we can be good here this is a
good spot if I play correctly for some
reason I got a suspicion that someone's
here him
[Music]
oh um my gosh no way I didn't see EST
Brock earlier wait could you see me or
was I inside the donkey you were inside
the donkey I could see your little head
when you turned wait how I couldn't see
myself at all yeah cuz you're
[Music]
dumb round
seven one he's counting he's counting up
I'm counting to 10 oh he's got [__] okay
okay wait I can't move
no stay there stay there he's not going
to realize you're there he's not going
to realize you're that's you didn't you
hide here before no no no no never what
is this I remember Wally saying this guy
has a double jump I have infinite jumps
by the
way who's the
owl I want to go into the owl tuckera
hurry
[Music]
up best spot in the game
he's ready here I come you think he
notices me
flying I'm going to walk until I see I'm
just I'm just following him what in the
world drop your bow for a
wish in the
wow
what
Happ well you don't have any arrows
[Music]
no they had one got to drop your next
item in the well for a wish are you this
owl wait a minute where did the owl go
why is Owl will only speak if you are
peaceful okay friendly friendly
okay if you want your item back you must
kill the flying one I must kill the
flying one why' you do that
[Music]
I didn't do
anything wait a
minute there's a new owl no
no
goodbye what Wise Owl is that you yes it
is me again do you want another hint
Wise Owl how do I how do I kill the
flying one how you must chase him
down what I must chase him down
but he's flying oh he will get tired at
some point wait a
minute my Bow's on the
[Music]
ground that that's an actual cow no way
oh my God wait did it work wa it
worked wait a minute
he doesn't know Sur I get him there
right he broke a plane of
glass
what no way this white owl I actually
got outplayed so hard what just happened
where is
he no I'm wait am I dumb bro would you
like a
hint red blood must be spilled
red is underlined red blood must be
spilled you
say throw some bread on
this thank you thank you wise Al thank
you thank you welcome wise out Lead Me
lead me to estark what's Clos is
nearby what's close is nearby uh I'm
going to poke my tail out why all these
hints aren't very good it's nearby
what's close this all
sucks what's what's close is
nearby seek
shelter oh no dude I think I'm getting
juked hey oh I'm coming back from the
dead can you ask you a question yes am I
going to get a girlfriend anytime soon
that is undeniably wrong I see you get
no you don't no you don't get out
no I fell
in get over here wait wait I'll tell you
[Music]
what what wait I can hit these I can hit
these how does he not die I'm going up
what I'm safe
[Music]
hey hey come on
man oh my gosh this crazy
no finally I got him where's the where's
the yel yeah y thank you for your
leadership of
course time for me to go
this wi out is so stupid Oh my God nice
little home finally I can
[Music]
retire okay go hide guys I'm counting to
10 I'm hiding he's already counting I
don't know what to do I don't know what
to
be what do I be
[Music]
what is this wait wait what if I wait
can I ride you as a bee estb is ready
hey guys what you turn into these
villagers are having love with each
other here that's my that's my
work okay are we ready I'm going turn
into a clam right here ow okay here or
not here I come I you know I always got
to check around the main house oh
there's a little duck in the pond
actually let me turn into let me turn
let me turn into a um let me turn into
an Ender
mini I can't I do not remember seeing
just a normal cat in this Village why is
it running so fast oh my
God okay what is that
noise
nothing wait
Esa did you go somewhere
oh wait oh my God
holy oh my God that guy just got
absolutely pooped on what the hell is
this is that a bumblebee riding a llama
I know that's you
guys whoa
he get over here where' he go oh my God
come back yo bubblebee is op dude wait
what's that over there
wait that looks so cool what the
heck what is
that I had just a good good feeling that
might work on sheep pickle jump it again
I don't think this is Wally bear I'll
have to look around so last time I saw
Wally bear he was on this house over
here all right so he jumped down maybe
and went into this house right furnace
nothing
huh oh that's normal that's got to be a
normal shulker it teleported like
shulkers do oh over here we got another
shulker interesting how it's not opening
up I'm the I'm I'm the same Sher well
that was not what I had a question about
I definitely realized it the same
sh did you just pick up that
seed get over here oh damn
no dude wait you're tanky you're tanky
don't go in the house don't go in the
house you don't want to do that you
don't want to go in the house why not
why not why
not what is
this dude what the hell I'm hacking I'm
hacking where'd he go wait where did he
go no dude
what a flick man what a flick did you
see that flick
[Music]
yeah
$900 D back oh we got to go up to the
shore breathe the fresh air
[Music]
nice all
right oh my God
what gu from where a yo guys guys guys
it's a game of a mop hunt not stun
grenades that there's no way that guy
still went talking gave one blue bad
Wally bear oh my God okay just act
natural act natural I don't remember
seeing so many ducks in the pond before
no way he no way he noticed no way he
noticed seing so many ducks there's like
four of them I know this guy is
definitely Hello Quack hello
hello that was real a real crap what
crap one of these ducks are making some
sound it looks like let I have a good T
what okay that did damage don't notice
me I'm just with my I'm oh yes yes I'm
going to go check over over there hold
but this duck keeps talking hey buddy
you guys hey guys look at the sky if
you're a real duck look at the sky
huh who just did that you like grenades
duck oh did you like another grenade I
see some invisible potion action going
on here here buddy do you think I'm
invisible may he thinks I'm invisible I
don't think he know that I'm Not
Invisible what wait I used to he doesn't
know that I'm Not Invisible are you in
the river huh you stink
what take that back take it back no
quack could you imagine being one of
those what I'm going back in the
pond how are you not
dead no all right who's the other guy
who said I
stink it couldn't be this magician with
a scroll could
it oh no not another stun
grenade wow nice invisibility potion man
wow nice invisibility potion
wow the stupid potion didn't work now
where is this
duck there's a duck here
somewhere would you like a feather
little duck this one looks awfully
suspicious here
buddy oh
oh I was not looking at
you dude this guy I I put you killed
almost every duck that wasn't me bro
that's crazy
[Music]
man all right I'm hiding
bye would you keep it down over there
who said that I know it was you you you
have a little weird head s oh my God I
think I can blend in right in the
ocean wait the ocean hurts me
I'm going to blend in all right I'm
going to blend in oh oh wait wait you're
actually a genius okay wait I'll also
blend in too give me a sec what in the
world okay let me blend in give me give
me like 5
Seconds what are you blending into you
look so stupid that doesn't blend in
with it at all I I misclicked I
misclicked okay give me a sec
sorry oh that's good
oh it's time for pickle man to go and
find his arch
nemesis he doesn't he hasn't even seen
me from far away so how is he going to
see me up close crushing
Hammer wonder what it
does oh my god oh who wants to get hit
by take a taste of this stun grenade oh
he just
saw donkey I see you I see you
donkey hey
donkey okay he just hit the ground too
hard because he's stupid and shouldn't
have two ender pearls anyways if you
just peek out real quick you'll see
him oh I didn't mean I didn't mean run
outside the house he's going to see us
do you want to go in the house
see what I
mean
oh good something something right over
here wait one
sec I have an idea I have an idea okay
wait what is
it what are they doing over here
I heard something
else oh my God he didn't know he didn't
know he didn't know okay do that rabbit
think who he is
huh yeah that's going to be you
next I think I heard him talking to
someone though over here
hello where is a stupid guy
what what was he I didn't even see him
there's no way he sees you there like
what I don't know how he saw me there I
was like he must have been cheating or
something this one goes up to 11 how do
I uh use custom weapon I put my minigun
in there with his ammo if you want that
oh the gun or you get grenade launcher
With
Grenades I'm a pistol type of guy okay
we got to do something good we got do
something good we got to do something
that's like in the mod pack that's just
insane guys let's all be the same thing
let's all be the same thing okay okay
okay what am I what am I turning into uh
guys let's all be the same thing what
are we going to turn into um lizard a
wizard I don't know if
[Music]
no oh my wait this is awesome how do I
reload okay okay what do we do as these
guys what do we do can we ride each
other can we ride each other bro I'll
tell you right now the heck I Ender
pear get him okay you know what we do
guys guys guys guys guys guys get out no
how did es Brock die to an endermite
what is going on right now
ow no way you're going to die
too oh i j probably G by accident okay
estaa guys you know what we do okay we
all sit right here and then when he
comes we use invisibility potion we all
disappear and then and then vanish okay
oh yeah yeah okay this is a good idea
okay okay okay okay everybody type can
you get your mouth out of my tail get
out my
tail good idea good idea oh shoot who
did it early stupid lizard in the middle
who did another one I did okay you still
have yours right she yeah I can come out
he doesn't even know we're going to be
invisible by the time he gets here he's
not even going to see us yeah you're
right that's even better I'm about to
I'm about to sabotage them I'm going to
run forward has to run or something
where's
estaa okay okay okay oh shoot he's going
to be okay oh how did you get out early
shoot oh shoot oh shoot oh shoot I hear
them they doing this the house play
again bro I swear to God if every time
estaes near a house he Jes me a million
times how does he not
see oh why man what in the world just
scatter
scatter I scattered I
scattered I listen I can follow their
voices watch
yourself I'm going to throw a stun
grenade at
him yo I can't hear nothing
wait how much invisibility is
left about 5
Seconds who's right here yo yo he's in
front of me who is it oh no oh no hey
get away what I don't even know you're
here
help I saw a
crocodile oh that was so
funny what was so funny that was that
was was so funny villag
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh now
I have to get a lot of minerals to trade
I don't know if he sees me how do I
reload my
gun game mode creative just get a lot of
flowers for him so he
doesn't wait I have an
idea Tucker I hear you I don't think he
he knew it was me where are you
now I hear
me what are you doing where
what are you in our goated hiding spot
again
no what in the world is that
noise what the hell is this bro I think
he's inside the building sheep where
I could be wrong though could you guys
make the sound that
your mob
makes what up what a jit what a jit a
[__] wait let me get a
snack oh my God let me in
the what oh wait this is
good why is snake getting Progressive I
don't know that's kind of
weird oh
my oh hell no you know what I'm saying
[__] are you guys next to each other
again oh yeah yeah Ma oh yeah Ma I like
that side of your
voice I like you
too go yeah man let me see if you
notices
this actually I might have to go what
I wonder if he no is this kind of weird
no oh
my uh uh do do you have any last words
wait wait
[Music]
wait I'm ex Stone I make so much Stone
as a rock
C my stone is so rock C right
know your stone is rock hard right now
it's the hardest Stone you can buy it's
so rock hard wait one sec one
sec where are you
going I'm getting a l you can't get me
you can't get
me did he lose me there's no way he lost
me
what the heck what happen is there a
floating gun right next to me what
is I took off my
armor final round fight okay I'm going
to look for a gun you guys go hide that
is cool FR I'm just going to
okay I have a sniper rifle what are you
doing
wait good idea thanks I'll be doing this
and I'll go yeah yeah yeah yeah got a
little gun yeah no
[Music]
idea okay right here or not here I come
I heard
up what is that I think he saw you I
think he I think he sees you bro what
was that out there I swear I just saw a
little guy over there let me come up
there I'm going to come take a look
oopsies oh no hello this Iron Golem is
so suspicious he he's definitely looking
at him I feel like there's a guy hiding
right here looking at me hiding wait
what oh he's gone he's gone
again wait where is this what's
happening with this
thing all right I'm going to do what oh
hey man
how wait wait he sees me wait water
hurts me
such a dummy who said that who said that
you know what I'm saying oh who said
that one I don't remember spawning any
iron golems in this game I don't
remember summoning any iron golems in
this
game what what the hell was
that everyone's
[Music]
dead am I Technic dead sheep killed me I
don't even know who won that final round
dude wait so sheep blew you up with him
wait did I kill him what I was walking
towards both of you and then you did the
pound and I died wait what is that pound
it's it's a hammer oh but it looks so
looks crazy with the yeah subscribe to
Tiny Mac dude subscribe to Tiny Mac dude
again subscribe to Tiny MC dude no no no
not no no not tiny MC dude no subscribe
subscribe subscribe to
subscribe to
T subscribe to T subscri subscribe
subscribe to that's good that's good
subcribe ma dude
subscribe I want to kiss you on the lips
to be honest with you and then just take
you to bed tuer you're only like 20
steps away from me all right am I
allowed to do that am I allowed to get
in there and just get into bed and start
cuddling with you a little bit I'm
saving that for someone else who's that
someone else um I don't know anyone but
Me Maybe as Brock